Cherwell corrections (#19217)
demisto/content: Packs/Cherwell/ReleaseNotes/1_0_11.md

#### Integrations
##### Cherwell

> - Fixed an issue were the **cherwell-query-business-object** command caused performance issues due to typing error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **cherwell-query-business-object** command where the query used *startwith* operator instead of *startswith*.
```
